With all the enhancements we made over this module, let's now finally see our application run on a real
web server
and keep in mind, we're already using Firebase and Firebase also has a hosting solution.
So what I'll do is, I'll open my terminal and run Firebase deploy.
In the past, we did this to ship a new function version, now we'll still upload the function in this case
too but we always also just uploaded our project, our public folder to the hosting
and now this is exactly what I want to do here now.
I want to upload my updated project from the public folder to Firebase hosting so that we can see
it run on a real server, I'll be back once it is finished. The deployment finished and now I can fetch this
hosting URL here.
Now let's go back to the browser and let's open it there.
In this new tab, I now have my application running on a real browser
and there it seems to work,
let's reload this one more time.
Now if we load this page though, we get this error regarding the 404 page. Now that has something to
do with how Firebase serves that page,
it's basically not storing it like a normal HTML page as it is lying in our source directory here.
That's why workbox fails to precache it because it's not there anymore,
Firebase basically took it and store it differently,
hence what I'll do here is all added to globIgnores, the 404.html page, so that this doesn't get
precached. Precaching that page isn't that important anyways because if we had a route where we expected
HTML which is not known and we're offline, we'll load our offline fallback anyways
and if we're online, the 404 page will work.
So removing it from precaching shouldn't be an issue
and with that, we can simply rerun generate-sw, we don't need to rerun the whole build process,
we didn't change any script so no need to re-minify,
we only need to ensure that the service worker is up-to-date
and then we can rerun Firebase deploy to ship this updated version to Firebase. And with the 404.html
file excluded from precaching,
you'll see it's now missing in that file manifest array, with that excluded,
it should work on Firebase too.
So let's wait for this to finish and that's then have a look at our Firebase project and see if it now
works as expected. So the deployment finished, with that I reload the tab, let me reload it one more time,
close it and re-open it to really install a fresh service worker version
and now here, we should see that under application caches, we've got all these workbox caches
and now we no longer get an error. If we go offline,
it works as we would expect it to work
and let's now even test background synchronization by really going offline, turning Wi-Fi off and creating
a new post.
I'm asked if I want to allow this because it's a brand new service worker on a new domain,
so I'll click yes, capture this and test from Firebase now.
Let's get a location, allow it but it won't work because I'm offline,
so let's enter one, that's ok by me,
let's click post.
It's now saved for syncing,
so let me now go back online by turning Wi-Fi back on and with that, we should see that it tries to
synchronize that
and it did and I forgot to subscribe to push subscriptions.
We would have gotten one though,
we can see that if we inspect database, that there is a new post, test from Firebase.
So this is all working as it should,
this is awesome,
now we see it on a real host.
Let's do one final thing with that project now.